---
source: telegram_voice
date: 2026-02-16T13:20:48+00:00
user_id: 822266080
username: AlexeyDTC
audio_file: 20260216_132048_AlexeyDTC_msg1741.ogg
---

And that was just a very simple thing, right? But imagine that we go from this simple thing to RAC,
right? So we make our process more complex. So now we have a search engine that we need to use,
right? So something like Elasticsearch. So here we need to ingest the data. So we need to actually
know how to build data pipelines, right? and how to build data pipelines reliably because the data
is coming from somewhere. We need to put it into our search engine. This could be a vector search
engine. That could be a tech search engine, right? So we need to be able to do that, right?
Sometimes, oftentimes, we need to be able to provision the infrastructure for that. And by the way,
also add before that, so when we talk about testing, when we talk about deployment, And also CI-CD
is important, right? Because we want when we run tests we want to be able to run these tests on push
to our Git When we deploy we want to be able to deploy to staging environment right When our tests
on staging environment pass, we want to roll out to production. So setting this up, of course, AI
engineer wouldn't be doing this alone. So typically there could be some platform engineers that help
but if it's a startup knowing how to do these things will certainly help again i'm just talking uh
it's very similar to data science right so if you think about data science what data science tests
need to do they need to integrate machine learning into or ml engineers they need to integrate
machine learning into the product here everything is similar and by the way this is something you
can mention at the very beginning here it's very similar so So what they do is they make sure that
everything is integrated. So I'm going to make parallels between these roles, between ML engineer
and the AI engineer, because at the end, the roles are very different, very similar, right? Not
different, but similar.