---
source: telegram_voice
date: 2026-02-26T11:32:17+00:00
user_id: 822266080
username: AlexeyDTC
audio_file: 20260226_113217_AlexeyDTC_msg2510.ogg
---

Just another idea, right? So we have a lot of questions about the role of AI engineer. So it would
be nice if there was an agent that scrapes new jobs, right, from different locations, so you can set
this up and then it sends you different trends about these jobs, like new positions, right, then
different new jobs, different trends, then you can talk about about the trends in data with your
agent, right? So, yeah, and then you can also personalize it. So if you have your own profile, then
it can quickly highlight jobs that you are a good match for. And then it can also highlight you
things, areas for improvement, right? So you can say, here, I already know this, this, and this,
what else do I need to know, right? And then it can help you select things based on data. So it can
do some sort of research. And this is actually a pretty interesting project. And I think this is
something that we can also implement for AI shipping build camp. So I would just need to understand
what kind of data we can scrape what would be the best resource for that in order to provide this
data right but then it actually a very nice idea right so you can have a personalized thing that
helps you understand and then it also can cluster different jobs into different clusters it can help
you select domain it can help you select project ideas for these jobs. Right, so yeah, that's a
really cool idea. So based on the data that I already have, we can continue collecting this data,
right? That's idea. But another idea is like, okay, you have all this data set. What can you do
about this to help you yourself upskill yourself, right? and then just include a link to this recent
AI engineering field guide there where the data is so then they can actually build build a rack on
top of that that can help them right and then if they also specify the profile this is a cool
project so there are actually two things that they recorded here so first of all So it's an idea for
people, what they can implement. And second is, yeah, what exactly, what we can add to the website
to our community.