---
source: telegram_voice
date: 2026-02-16T13:48:55+00:00
user_id: 822266080
username: AlexeyDTC
audio_file: 20260216_134855_AlexeyDTC_msg1769.ogg
---

At the evaluation we actually see how it affects the product, right? How it affects the users. So we
take the thing we developed and we roll it out to the users, right? And then, so we run some sort of
A-B tests and we see how these tests, like if they... We remember at the business understanding step
we defined the metric. So here we see if this metric is good, right? We also collect feedback from
people. Like we see like this implicit feedback, right? At the beginning, we set this, like how
often the model is, yeah, maybe we'll also set it here, right? We see how often people change the
output, like how good it is. but the important thing is if users were able to do this earlier than
before, right? So here we can introduce some extra metrics to measure the performance of our model,
but the main metric we defined in business understanding. So here we can see if this is good or not.
And then, so typically these days, so QSBM is a fairly old model So before evaluation deployment we
were kind of separate but now they are almost the same right So because you kind of deploy to a part
of users and then if everything works, you say, okay, it's good. We can roll everything to, we can
roll this to everyone, right? But if during the evaluation, we see that something is off, then we go
to, we either refine our business understanding Or we can say, okay, with what we have right now, it
doesn't seem valuable to continue with this project, so we are parking it for now. So this could be
an outcome too, saying that we cannot achieve what we wanted. And this is an outcome too. And
between the initial idea and this outcome, ideally you wanna spend as little time as possible. So
this would be the first iteration, but on the second iteration, you would spend more time And the
goal is to iterate. So this process is very iterative. So you iterate as many times as possible,
right? And that's the idea between, and so that's the idea behind CRISPR-EM. And I think this is a
valid framework for AI projects too. And you don't necessarily have to follow like each step, but I
think it just gives a good mental model to understand how you can approach not only machine learning
projects, but also AI projects. Thank you.