---
source: telegram_voice
date: 2026-02-16T13:35:39+00:00
user_id: 822266080
username: AlexeyDTC
audio_file: 20260216_133539_AlexeyDTC_msg1757.ogg
---

And the last thing I am going to talk about is CrispDM and processes. I already sent you the link
for CrispDM. So I want to go through this from the machine learning point of view. So here we have
an example, spam, non-spam. Let's take a different example. We want to understand, we want to
classify categories into, like, let's take this example. So we, in machine learning, we will have a
particular classification, right? Here in AI case, we will have the same case, right? So we upload
an image and from this image, we wanna reliably extract the information we want, right? So let's see
how we can solve this problem with Chris BM, how it helps us structure the problem. So the first
thing is business understanding. So we need, we don't need to, We don't just solve the problem for
the sake of solving problems. Like hey like we have AI how about we use it And we start thinking of
different use cases where AI would work No like it should come from a real user problem user problem
problem that user experience Maybe we already know about this problem. We already tried to solve it
differently, but now we think, okay, now we wanna try to solve it with AI, right? So we need to have
this business understanding. What is the problem? Why do we want to do this? Not just because we
wanna have a cool new feature, but because like there is a real problem that users have with our
product that we will solve it. It's like usual work that product managers do, user experience
researchers do. So there should be like a real problem or a hypothesis that this problem exists and
we wanna verify this hypothesis, right? So we need to have some business understanding. Like we
really need to understand what is the problem we're solving? Like how many people it is affecting?
Like, and at this point, we think more about the problem. Okay, this is the problem. We might have a
solution for this problem but right now we just need to focus on the problem How many users
experience this problem How we can measure like what could be the metric for solving this problem
Like, okay, this is the problem. These users are affected. Let's say we wanna improve the time for
posting. Users complain that it takes so much time to fill the form, right? So, and of course there
is some existing user research that confirms this. Otherwise we will need to conduct this research
to find out that this is actually the problem, a problem worth solving, right? So maybe users don't
really complain about this. If we solve this problem that doesn't exist, nobody will care, right?
And then we'll just waste money and time, right? So we understand that, okay, now users take time to
fill in the form. We wanna make this process faster. So then our goal is first goal is to reduce the
time, let say from seven seconds to no no let say right now it takes one minute And we think that we
can reduce this time to 30 seconds or right now it takes five minutes we can reduce this time to one
minute right So then it's clear, right? So we have this clear, very clear metric. We can also have
secondary metrics, right? Like users who started filling the form and didn't finish because it was
too complex, right now is, let's say, 15%, but we want to drop it to 5%, right? So that could be a
secondary metric, like second way of measuring success. But the important part is we need to have
this research. We need to understand that there is a problem. We need to understand that this is a
way to solve it, right? So this is very important for machine learning, but also for AI, right?
Because we don't want to spend time on solving a problem that doesn't exist, right? So for
integrating AI into products, this is very important. And then here, AI engineers would work with
closely, work with product managers to assist them in understanding the problem.